% interface=en

\usemodule[fnt-01]

\loadmapfile[texnansi-open-dw2.map]

\starttext

\ShowFont[Unknown][texnansi-Deutsch][texnansi]
\ShowFont[Unknown][texnansi-OpenSanItalic][texnansi]
\ShowFont[Unknown][texnansi-OpenSansBold][texnansi]
\ShowFont[Unknown][texnansi-OpenSansBoldItalic][texnansi]
\ShowFont[Unknown][texnansi-OpenSansExtraBold][texnansi]
\ShowFont[Unknown][texnansi-OpenSansExtraBoldItalic][texnansi]
\ShowFont[Unknown][texnansi-OpenSansLight][texnansi]
\ShowFont[Unknown][texnansi-OpenSansLightItalic][texnansi]
\ShowFont[Unknown][texnansi-OpenSansRegular][texnansi]
\ShowFont[Unknown][texnansi-OpenSansSemibold][texnansi]
\ShowFont[Unknown][texnansi-OpenSansSemiboldItalic][texnansi]
\ShowFont[Unknown][texnansi-Panefresco1wtItalic][texnansi]
\ShowFont[Unknown][texnansi-Panefresco1wtRegular][texnansi]
\ShowFont[Unknown][texnansi-Panefresco250wtItalic][texnansi]
\ShowFont[Unknown][texnansi-Panefresco250wtRegular][texnansi]
\ShowFont[Unknown][texnansi-Panefresco400wtItalic][texnansi]
\ShowFont[Unknown][texnansi-Panefresco400wtRegular][texnansi]
\ShowFont[Unknown][texnansi-Panefresco500wtItalic][texnansi]
\ShowFont[Unknown][texnansi-Panefresco500wtRegular][texnansi]
\ShowFont[Unknown][texnansi-Panefresco600wt-Regular][texnansi]
\ShowFont[Unknown][texnansi-Panefresco600wtItalic][texnansi]
\ShowFont[Unknown][texnansi-Panefresco750wtItalic][texnansi]
\ShowFont[Unknown][texnansi-Panefresco750wtRegular][texnansi]
\ShowFont[Unknown][texnansi-Panefresco800wtItalic][texnansi]
\ShowFont[Unknown][texnansi-Panefresco800wtRegular][texnansi]
\ShowFont[Unknown][texnansi-Panefresco999wt-Italic][texnansi]
\ShowFont[Unknown][texnansi-Panefresco999wtRegular][texnansi]

\setupheadertexts[\tttf example definitions]

\starttyping
texfont --ve=open --co=dw2 --ma --in
\stoptyping

\starttyping
c:/tex/share/texmf-local/fonts/map/pdftex/context/texnansi-open-dw2.map
\stoptyping

\starttyping
\definefontsynonym[Unknown][texnansi-Deutsch][encoding=texnansi]
\definefontsynonym[Unknown][texnansi-OpenSanItalic][encoding=texnansi]
\definefontsynonym[Unknown][texnansi-OpenSansBold][encoding=texnansi]
\definefontsynonym[Unknown][texnansi-OpenSansBoldItalic][encoding=texnansi]
\definefontsynonym[Unknown][texnansi-OpenSansExtraBold][encoding=texnansi]
\definefontsynonym[Unknown][texnansi-OpenSansExtraBoldItalic][encoding=texnansi]
\definefontsynonym[Unknown][texnansi-OpenSansLight][encoding=texnansi]
\definefontsynonym[Unknown][texnansi-OpenSansLightItalic][encoding=texnansi]
\definefontsynonym[Unknown][texnansi-OpenSansRegular][encoding=texnansi]
\definefontsynonym[Unknown][texnansi-OpenSansSemibold][encoding=texnansi]
\definefontsynonym[Unknown][texnansi-OpenSansSemiboldItalic][encoding=texnansi]
\definefontsynonym[Unknown][texnansi-Panefresco1wtItalic][encoding=texnansi]
\definefontsynonym[Unknown][texnansi-Panefresco1wtRegular][encoding=texnansi]
\definefontsynonym[Unknown][texnansi-Panefresco250wtItalic][encoding=texnansi]
\definefontsynonym[Unknown][texnansi-Panefresco250wtRegular][encoding=texnansi]
\definefontsynonym[Unknown][texnansi-Panefresco400wtItalic][encoding=texnansi]
\definefontsynonym[Unknown][texnansi-Panefresco400wtRegular][encoding=texnansi]
\definefontsynonym[Unknown][texnansi-Panefresco500wtItalic][encoding=texnansi]
\definefontsynonym[Unknown][texnansi-Panefresco500wtRegular][encoding=texnansi]
\definefontsynonym[Unknown][texnansi-Panefresco600wt-Regular][encoding=texnansi]
\definefontsynonym[Unknown][texnansi-Panefresco600wtItalic][encoding=texnansi]
\definefontsynonym[Unknown][texnansi-Panefresco750wtItalic][encoding=texnansi]
\definefontsynonym[Unknown][texnansi-Panefresco750wtRegular][encoding=texnansi]
\definefontsynonym[Unknown][texnansi-Panefresco800wtItalic][encoding=texnansi]
\definefontsynonym[Unknown][texnansi-Panefresco800wtRegular][encoding=texnansi]
\definefontsynonym[Unknown][texnansi-Panefresco999wt-Italic][encoding=texnansi]
\definefontsynonym[Unknown][texnansi-Panefresco999wtRegular][encoding=texnansi]
\stoptyping

\page

\setupheadertexts[\tttf texnansi-open-dw2.map]

\starttyping
texnansi-raw-Deutsch Unknown 4 < Deutsch.ttf texnansi.enc
texnansi-raw-OpenSanItalic Unknown 4 < OpenSanItalic.ttf texnansi.enc
texnansi-raw-OpenSansBold Unknown 4 < OpenSansBold.ttf texnansi.enc
texnansi-raw-OpenSansBoldItalic Unknown 4 < OpenSansBoldItalic.ttf texnansi.enc
texnansi-raw-OpenSansExtraBold Unknown 4 < OpenSansExtraBold.ttf texnansi.enc
texnansi-raw-OpenSansExtraBoldItalic Unknown 4 < OpenSansExtraBoldItalic.ttf texnansi.enc
texnansi-raw-OpenSansLight Unknown 4 < OpenSansLight.ttf texnansi.enc
texnansi-raw-OpenSansLightItalic Unknown 4 < OpenSansLightItalic.ttf texnansi.enc
texnansi-raw-OpenSansRegular Unknown 4 < OpenSansRegular.ttf texnansi.enc
texnansi-raw-OpenSansSemibold Unknown 4 < OpenSansSemibold.ttf texnansi.enc
texnansi-raw-OpenSansSemiboldItalic Unknown 4 < OpenSansSemiboldItalic.ttf texnansi.enc
texnansi-raw-Panefresco1wtItalic Unknown 4 < Panefresco1wtItalic.ttf texnansi.enc
texnansi-raw-Panefresco1wtRegular Unknown 4 < Panefresco1wtRegular.ttf texnansi.enc
texnansi-raw-Panefresco250wtItalic Unknown 4 < Panefresco250wtItalic.ttf texnansi.enc
texnansi-raw-Panefresco250wtRegular Unknown 4 < Panefresco250wtRegular.ttf texnansi.enc
texnansi-raw-Panefresco400wtItalic Unknown 4 < Panefresco400wtItalic.ttf texnansi.enc
texnansi-raw-Panefresco400wtRegular Unknown 4 < Panefresco400wtRegular.ttf texnansi.enc
texnansi-raw-Panefresco500wtItalic Unknown 4 < Panefresco500wtItalic.ttf texnansi.enc
texnansi-raw-Panefresco500wtRegular Unknown 4 < Panefresco500wtRegular.ttf texnansi.enc
texnansi-raw-Panefresco600wt-Regular Unknown 4 < Panefresco600wt-Regular.ttf texnansi.enc
texnansi-raw-Panefresco600wtItalic Unknown 4 < Panefresco600wtItalic.ttf texnansi.enc
texnansi-raw-Panefresco750wtItalic Unknown 4 < Panefresco750wtItalic.ttf texnansi.enc
texnansi-raw-Panefresco750wtRegular Unknown 4 < Panefresco750wtRegular.ttf texnansi.enc
texnansi-raw-Panefresco800wtItalic Unknown 4 < Panefresco800wtItalic.ttf texnansi.enc
texnansi-raw-Panefresco800wtRegular Unknown 4 < Panefresco800wtRegular.ttf texnansi.enc
texnansi-raw-Panefresco999wt-Italic Unknown 4 < Panefresco999wt-Italic.ttf texnansi.enc
texnansi-raw-Panefresco999wtRegular Unknown 4 < Panefresco999wtRegular.ttf texnansi.enc
\stoptyping

\stoptext
